- Oh, here
we go fellas.
- All right,
all right, listen,
bro how do you even
work this shit anyway?
- Back up Steve.
- Yeah, damn.
- Damn, you stink.
- Yo, what
should I ask her?
- Dude, I'm
gonna ask her
if she takes it in the ass?
- Oh, dude you
should ask that.
- What if you
can suck her boobs?
- Bro what, bro I've
seen it on that porn shit.
- Yeah dude,
but that's why his stepmom
took his cellphone away.
- Dude, do you guys think like
girls like masturbate
in real life?
- No idiot, chicks
don't jack off.
- What are talking about?
- Man shut up, like you know.
They have dildos.
- Steve knows.
- Oh yeah, he knows.
- He knows about dildos.
- It's 1-800-Hot-Nite.
- N I T E.
- Bro, I know
how to spell night idiot,
what are you talking about?
- That's not actually
how you spell night.
- Man, Steve back up.
- Shut up.
- Yeah, damn.
It's ringing, it's ringing.
- You've called
1-800-Hot-Nit e.
I'm so horny, and I've
been waiting for you.
What took you so long?
- Aw, it was work,
I was working.
- Oh, I love
a working man.
I've just been waiting here
in my little red thong,
touching myself,
but I'm going slow
because I need your help.
So why don't you gimme
your credit card number
and for 99 cents per minute,
you can help get me off.
Are you ready for me?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm here.
Credit a card number, yeah.
- It's, oh shit, fuck.
- Fuck, fuck.
- Hello, hello.
- I got it, I got it, shh.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. everything's
good, everything's great.
I have the card number,
it's 4500-1234-5678-9012.
- Good, now I need you
to give me the expiration date.
-February 3rd.
- Yeah, uh, uh February 2026.
- And the code?
- What's the code?
- The CVC code?
- Yeah, yeah, silly me.
- It's those three
little numbers on the back.
- Right, I don't know
why I'm tripping, 049.
- It looks like
you've been a good boy.
I knew you'd be ready for me.
So, what's your name?
- Tommy.
- Tell me about
your day, Tommy.
What do you do for work?
- I, work at, uh, I'm a cop.
- Tommy,
are you a bad cop?
I've met a couple
bad cops before.
- I can't hear.
- Yeah, I am.
- Bad cops make
me so wet .
- Gimme the phone.
- You know what
else gets me wet?
Spanking, do you
like to get spanked?
Do you want me to spank
you for being a bad cop?
- Yeah.
- Good, what do
you want me to use?
I could use my hand.
Or if you like something
harder, I have a belt.
- A belt, yeah belt.
- I was hoping
you'd say that.
I want you hard while I do it.
What do you want me to wear?
- Naked.
- Naked, naked, I
want you to be naked.
- Oh, Tommy,
you're so nasty.
Okay, good, oh, I
ripped my bra off.
My nipples are so
hard, I can feel you.
I can feel you, I'm
gonna come soon.
Will you squeeze my nipples?
Do you wanna squeeze them hard?
- Yeah, I do, I
wanna touch them.
- Oh, oh God, oh God.
Tell me what you want me to do.
- Dude, ask her.
- My fingers are inside me.
Tell me what you want
me to do, tell me.
- Yo, wait, yo stop!
- Hey, will you take
it in the ass or what?
- Yo stop!
- You wanna fuck,
you wanna fuck?
- It's called a ménage à trois.
- It's just me, it's just me!
- Let me suck on them tities.
- Give me the phone.
- Stop, stop.
- Let me speak to her.
-Wait, wait, hello, hello?
Miss phone sex lady.
Hello?
Damn, let's go.
- Yeah, okay let's go boy.
- Yo, that's crazy man!
- Let's go.
- Y'all crazy, dude.
- Sometimes
you just reminisce.
Not so much about
the things you miss,
The thing is this
it's about the swing,
not if you hit or miss.
All we ever wanted to do
was have fun and be free.
I believe the real ones always
appreciated me for me,
and as for us, all
for one and all that.
- Oh shit!
- Hey kitty, kitty, kitty.
- Man you ruined it!
- No I didn't, all right if
there's a chick here right now,
I'd be like, "Hey, pop
a titty for your boy,"
you know what I'm saying?
- Yeah, you wanna see my dick?
- Yeah,.
- I can't get a sexy voice
outta my head, bro, for real.
- Oh same.
- Hey whoa, whoa,
check this out.
I got something for y'all.
- What are they?
- Vikes?
- Vicodins.
My dad takes 'em
like all the time.
- All right, let's go then.
We saw Kelly, Britt
at green thing,
we saw them swimming
at Garden View.
- Now let's go then.
All right, it's crazy, man.
Oh, whoa whoa, we gotta stop.
- What?
- Sorry, Steve.
But what the fuck
are you wearing?
- Man, shut up.
- You look stupid.
- Some asshole stole clothes
at the laundry, you know.
O'Neill won't let me borrow any.
- That's my shit, ain't it?
- This is your gym stuff.
And you know, I ain't
got nothing else.
- That's right, with
your little broke ass.
- And they stole my
fucking Cap jersey.
- No, for real?
- Yes.
- Oh, that sucks, dude.
- Dude, these clothes
smell like ass.
- Look, you can take 'em
off if you don't want em.
All right, all your shorts
is coochie cutters anyway.
- They weren't coochie cutters.
- All right, you don't
even know what coochie is.
- I do.
- It's a vagina.
- Okay, see what you got.
I bet you haven't.
- Hey.
- You ain't king James.
- Man shut up, you can't dunk.
- Okay.
- All right, let's
see what you got.
- Told you, what did I say?
- Damn!
- KD, man.
- Let me try again.
- Wait, wait Steve,
Steve shh, shh.
- Yo, hey, bro, what the fuck?
- Man, get your shit.
- Shut up, can't
even catch a ball.
- I'm just happy
that.
This is my dog.
- I know.
- Yeah.
- Olivia.
- Oh my God she's
so.
- I know, I wish I
never see her anyway.
- I mean, I feel like I
have a.
- And Jessica too,
they're just annoying.
- Oh man.
- Oh Freddy it's not your-
- Oh shit, oh fuck!
- Shit
- Goddammit, fuck.
- Oh of course, it's
Ed, Edd, and Eddy.
- Man, shut up.
- What you doing, Tommy?
- Me, nothing.
- What's up Kelly?
- What's up with you?
You guys stalking
us or some shit?
- No, we weren't.
- I mean, we were just chilling.
We didn't even know
y'all down here.
- Uh huh.
All right, y'all can come in,
but if Dave catches us,
he's gonna freak out.
- He's a fucking creep.
- Yes, he is.
- Damn, look at Britt dog.
- Shhh!
Hey, what are you doing?
- So what's up ladies,
you just hot tubbing?
- What does it look
like, dumb ass?
And what, you live
with O'Neill again?
- Yeah, so we're cousins.
- Like third cousin.
- No, first cousin stupid.
- Hey, Tommy.
- Hey.
- Steve, what the
fuck are you wearing?
- Man, whatever, you don't even
know, my clothes got jacked.
- Yeah, rather walk
around my underwear
than wear those shorts.
- You laughing like
your shit's any better.
- Man, fuck you both, all right.
- I kind of like it.
- You like what?
- I like the tank top,
that looks good.
- Yeah, whatever she being nice,
about to go to
her place anyways.
And they've got
like a nice pool,
nothing like this green shit.
- What, that's just chlorine.
- Yeah why don't
you to get in then?
- If you want me to.
- Man.
- Yo, watch out.
- Tommy, you can get in.
- Hey, get out
of there right now!
- Oh, fuck it's Dave!
- You're trespassing!
Come here, I see you.
- Grab your shit,
let's go, let's go!
We gotta get outta here.
Grab your shit, go.
- I got it, I got it!
- Let's go.
- Wait, wait my phone.
- I'm calling the cops.
- Tommy, you guys
come to my place.
- Here, here.
- Don't you touch me!
- What did I tell you?
- Damn, fuck you!
- Fuck you, fuck you!
- Stay on the fucking floor.
Shit, hey, hey, we
gotta go, we gotta go.
- All right guys,
the sirens are gone.
- That Dave was
lying anyway, man.
- Man I hate that
fucking hippy limpy
with his little,
"Get out of here!"
I bet I knock him out.
- All right, he's
like a man though.
- So, man, I've never
lost a fight, bro.
I'm 10 toes down in this bitch.
- Yeah 10 toes.
- Anyone's ass.
- Guys, guys, I'm feeling
it now, the Viking, man.
- It's Vicodin, dumb ass.
Fucking stupid.
- Man, I think I feel it too.
- Shit, me too.
- Yeah.
- Man, let's get some beer.
- From your spot?
- No, my dad just got
back from.
He's like trying to
be sober and stuff.
- Yeah like kinda sober.
- Yeah, whatever.
- Hey, my
body feels numb, man.
- Oh, shit, mine too.
- Yes sir.
- Steve, you can't just say
anything that Tommy says, bro.
Wanna be.
- Man, shut up.
- I bet can take take
that bike right now.
Man shut up.
I hear that shit again
I'm stabbing you.
- No, you're not doing this.
- Man, what the fuck?
- You can't pick
a lock dumb ass.
Okay, we're getting beer, damn.
- Man whatever, I
can pick a lock.
- No, you can't.
- I can pick a lock, stupid.
- With your little stupid ass.
- Fuck.
- Shh, all right.
Ya'll ready?
- It's hot.
- Yo, wait, wait, wait,
hold on, hold on.
Okay, come on.
- You know what
I was thinking?
- What?
What would happen if
we took three Vikes?
- Shit, we'd be
higher that a mountain.
- It's crazy man.
- I got this.
- Steve, oh my God.
- Steve stop.
- Always had it bro.
Oh shit.
I mean, I could have done
that, it is my house.
- Yeah, that's easy as hell.
- Shut up.
- Get me two.
- Two beers coming up.
- All right.
- What the hell are you doing?
- I didn't take it.
- Give me my visa!
- No, I don't have your visa.
- You have my fucking visa!
- I don't have shit,
why are tripping?
I don't have your visa.
- This bitch is crazy.
- I know you have it.
- I don't have anything, I
don't why you're tripping,
because I don't have shit.
I'm out of here.
- Uh-huh.
- Hey, you're not my mom.
- Goddamn right,
I'm not your mom.
You listen to me.
- Let go of me!
- Listen, listen.
- I'm listening.
- I said, I'm listening.
- Give me the card,
I want my card back.
- What card?
- You think I'm
stupid, don't you?
- Tommy.
- Isaiah, stay there.
- You think you're tough?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah?
I could have your dad
kick you outta here.
Then what are you gonna do?
You wouldn't last one night.
I've been out there, there's
fucking monsters out there.
- No, I can take
care of myself.
- A real man takes
responsibility,
and all you do is lie.
And that's gonna bite you
in the mother fucking ass.
You are not a man.
- Now, what about you, huh?
What do you do?
You just like drink your
shit and sit around,
you don't do anything.
- Give me my card or
I will belt you again.
- That sounds dope.
- Three of a kind
don't beat no full house.
- The fuck it doesn't,
Russ that's three fucking kings.
- You could have
three fucking aces,
it don't beat a full house.
- That bullshit, that's a king.
- It's not bullshit, come on.
Wait, wait, so listen,
hand me that card.
This piece of shit
fires up the Camaro,
he don't even look to see
there's two flat tires.
- Two tires?
- Fuck yes, man, let
me tell the story.
Yes, both tires on the
passenger side are flat
because someone stole my
knock off like a week before,
and cut the tires out.
- Vicodin, yeah.
- 'Cause he was
prick, that's why.
Nigga fuck that.
- Man, I hear it fire up.
The damn thing sounds
like a 12 gauge
when the engine's
cold, you know?
And it's February, so I
run out there in my boxers,
dick flopping.
Asshole started driving,
tires wobbling and shit.
I chase him on foot,
down to the 7-Eleven.
I was barefoot, man.
- I was barefoot too.
- We were barefoot.
Fucking cock sucker drove a
quarter of a mile on my rims.
- He got out and
ran at 7-Eleven.
- He got away?
- Mm-hmm.
- You should have shot him, man.
I would've fucking shot him.
- Yeah.
- He cut through the
power line field,
I wasn't about to
chase him in there.
People get electrocuted.
- Bullshit.
- Well bullshit, they do.
I mean, you run through
the field next time then.
- Maybe I will.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I saw a guy, Jared, he
gotta let electrocuted,
I still see him run.
He's all walking funny and shit.
Guy can't fuck right.
- Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got it. All right, all right.
Deal the cards and
learn how to play.
- King's rule bitch.
- Learn how to play.
- What's up?
- What, nothing, nothing dad.
- You ain't doing nothing?
- Can I have one?
- You got five.
Tell you what, you get
three balls in a bag,
everyone you miss, I
take a couple beers away.
- Where's the balls at?
- You already got three
in your hand, dummy.
- You're gonna cheat
dad, come on now.
- Boy, I
never cheat, let's go.
- All right.
- Missed.
- All right, you
winning poker or what?
- Damn right I'm winning.
- You gonna give
Jenny back her card?
- Okay.
- Okay, okay, all right.
Now come on, throw it higher.
- All right, let's do this.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
- Oh missed again.
- Come on, dad.
- The shit went in.
- Whoa, watch your mouth.
You gotta aim, man, okay.
Throw it like you mean it.
- Okay, all right,
back up for a bit.
- You bad, you bad, you ready.
- Yeah, I'm bad, watch this.
- Whoa!
- Yes sir, who the man?
Come on dad, who the man?
- My dude.
- Thank you, kind sir.
All right.
- Russ, what are
you doing in there?
- Go check on your brother.
- Yeah, Isaiah's not my brother.
- Go.
- Russ.
- Coming, yo!
There you go.
- You get over here.
- What's happening?
- Police, search warrant, get on
the ground, get on the ground!
- Get down, get down!
Get on the ground, get on the
ground, get on the ground!
- Dad.
Dad, dad, dad, dad, hey.
Dad, dad, what's happening?
Dad, what's going on, dad?
- Tommy, go take
care of your brother.
- Can't hear you,
what's happening?
Please tell me, what's going on?
- Kid, kid, back up, back up.
- Hey, back up, go home.
- What?
- I need you to go back
behind those cars over there.
- No, that is my dad.
- This is your dad?
- Yeah.
- Kid, kid, I'm gonna need you
to come with me inside, okay?
- Hey, no, no, why
is he in the cop car?
- I'm gonna have
somebody explain
all that to you, all right.
- Son, Tommy, Tommy!
- No, no, hey, that's my dad.
- I know, I know,
I know, I know.
- Tell me something.
- Get your hands off my son!
- I'll go with you
okay, I'll go with you.
- I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
- Go on kid.
- Get your fucking
hands off my son!
Fuck!
- Stop!
- Stop, calm down, calm down.
Hey, no, no, no, no, hey stop.
Listen, I know that there
is a lot going on out there
and it's confusing, but I
am here to try to help you.
What's your name?
- Why are you taking my dad?
No, well what, 'cause the pills?
Bro, they're just like
first friends or whatever.
- No, look, look, I am gonna
have somebody come in here,
she's gonna explain
everything to you.
Listen man, I was probably
just a little bit
younger than you when-
Yeah, I'll be right out.
Hey, look I gotta go
outside for a minute,
but I will be right back.
And I'm gonna trust
you to stay here,
you need to stay in this room.
What's your name?
- Tommy.
- All right Tommy,
I'm Officer Riden.
- Hey, what the fuck?
- I mean, what the fuck, man?
Your dad is arrested and shit?
- What, Tommy are
you in trouble?
- Dude, I don't know.
- Fucking cops, man.
- You think your dad
like killed someone?
- No, no shut man,
what you talk about?
- Dude Tommy, they're
gonna take you man.
- Wh..wh..what?
Take me with my dad?
- No, they did it
to Ker, remember?
They arrested his dad
and then they took him.
He ended up having to move
to like Florida or some shit.
- Okay, whoa, who
would take me, who?
- Probably like a foster family
or one of those like
foster houses, man.
I don't fucking know.
- Shit!
- Man, just come with
us, come with us.
- Just come with us.
- Oh shit!
- Hi, you're Tommy, right?
- Yeah.
- Can I have that?
- It's warm though.
- My name is Patty, I work
for Child Protection Services.
The police officer
outside called me
to come in and help you.
I have your little
brother in my car now.
- He's not my little brother.
- Is he your stepbrother then?
- I guess, he's like
my half brother.
- Do you drink beer a lot?
It's the only thing
my husband drinks.
- My dad drinks.
- Does he drink a lot?
- I don't know.
- I understand you
saw your dad outside,
I'm sorry you had to see that.
- Yeah, well, I've seen
him in trouble before.
- What kind of trouble?
- I saw him get arrested
for like a DUI one time.
- Okay, were you in the car
when that happened to him?
- Yeah, yeah, 'cause I was,
well I punched this
guy Nate in my class,
and I got suspended for three
days and he had to pick me up.
- Okay, why'd you punch him?
- Well, he called my
friend Steve a bitch.
Yeah, and I'm like, Steve's
only friend at school, so.
- So Steve's your friend?
- Yeah, yeah, he's
my best friend.
- Do you have any other family
here, your birth mother?
- Oh, I haven't seen her in
a while, like a long time.
- Okay, do you know how long?
- I don't know, like
four years or something.
- Okay, so I wanna tell you
a little bit about what I do.
I'm here as an
advocate for you, okay.
Do you know what an advocate is?
- No.
- It means I'm on your team.
I'm gonna make sure
that you are safe
and that we take
care of you, okay?
- Like you'll take me
to a foster family?
- Did someone say that to you?
- Can I talk to
you for a second?
- Yeah, sure.
Tommy, I'll be right back.
What I want you
to do is pick out
some of the things
here in your room
that you really wanna
take with you, okay?
You can put him on the
bed here in a pile.
You're gonna come with me, okay?
- Yes, ma'am.
- You know your little brother
needs you too right now.
He's upset.
- Well, he likes his hammer.
He like to chew on it and
hit with it and stuff.
- Okay, I'll be right back.
- Okay.
- Well, Tommy's
gonna...
- Tommy let's
go, come on, come on.
- Tommy, Tommy, what?
- Come on, come on, hurry up.
- Yeah go!
- Tommy stop!
- Stop!
- Go Tommy!
- Go, go, come on!
Hurry! Hurry up!
Come on!
- Tommy!
Don't!
- Go, go, go.
- Where can he be going?
- I don't know, maybe the park.
What's even open right now?
- The mini golf place,
that's the only thing I can
think that's open this late.
- Let's give it a shot.
- All right.
- Fort Randall,
the Fort Randall.
- Come on, hey, let's go
through the electric field.
- No, no, no, hey we'll get
electrocuted, we can't do that.
Come on to Fort
Randall, let's go.
- Damn it
- All right hey, hey.
- Hurry up slow ass.
- Oh shit, damn.
Man, get off me O'Neill!
- Man shut up!
You're on me, man.
- Ow, fuck!
- I'm sorry.
- Man, I got a rash on my ass.
- Oh man.
- I don't want them to take me.
- They ain't gonna take
you, I won't let them.
- Man, I won't let 'em either.
All right, we're the 57 Posse.
- Yeah, the 57 Posse.
- Tommy, they won't touch you.
All right, they won't touch you.
- 57 Posse.
We don't even need parents.
- Man, fuck parents.
- Yeah, fuck parents.
- Fuck 'em.
- Yeah.
You know what?
Fuck parents!
- Fuck parents!
- Fuck 'em!
- Damn!
- Oh, that's nasty bro, come on.
- You think someone had sex
right here, like in their car?
- Probably.
- Whoa.
- Number
22, cheeseburger basket.
- I'm so hungry,
what should we get?
- What should we get?
- Well, we can get whatever
we want, yes sir.
- I'm gonna get the number six.
-Yeah.
- I'm gonna get like
five number sixes.
- Excuse me.
- Oh it's dog lady.
- Oh shit.
- Where's my dog at?
- We ain't seen a dog.
- Man, let's go.
- You can't eat all that.
- Yeah, I can.
- Put too much salt on.
- I like salt.
- Well, not that much salt, man.
That's just like salt.
- Like pure salt, you're
gonna get sick.
- You guys think we're gonna
be friends when we're old?
Like grownups?
- That's a random
question, but yeah.
- We're not friends, all
right, we're cousins.
- Don't touch my fries O'Neill.
I thought there were
too salty anyway.
- Man, shut up.
All right you didn't
even pay for it.
- You think she's
gonna find her dog?
- She ain't got it dog, man.
- Yeah, I bet she ate
her dog.
Hey, I'm gonna eat that!
- Bro, you have like
four other ones.
Bro, you'll be alright.
- Bro, you got four burgers
in front of you, shut up.
- That doesn't mean
anything, I'm fucking hungry.
- What?
- I wanted to see
if you wanted this,
or if you're hungry or anything?
- Yeah, just put
it on the ground,
just put it on the ground there.
My dog will eat
it, he'll eat it.
- Did you give her
my burger, man?
- You think they're
gonna arrest me now?
- No, just don't
let them catch you.
- Yeah, my dad's
straight up says like,
once you stop moving, you die.
Just don't let anyone catch
you, you'll be good.
You guys wanna
a golf or what?
- Well, Steve got
us 86'd, remember
and he threw his
club at that girl.
- Yeah, I didn't
throw it at her.
It did hit her.
- Oh, it did,
crazy man.
Hey, yo boys,
check this out man.
You think she's real?
Like you think this is her?
- Her boobs are fake.
- Dude, I bet that's her.
- Yeah, she's real.
Not real as big Kelly though.
- Whoa hey, you guys
think Britt and Kelly
was telling us to come over?
- Hell yeah, we should go there.
I saw Britt was feeling us.
- Bro, whatever, dude, stop.
- I don't know where she lives.
- You like her?
- I mean, I don't
like her, like her.
- Trying to hook up
with her tonight.
- Dude, that's my jersey,
that's my Cap jersey!
- Is it?
- That's mine, man!
Just someone looks like that.
- Fuck that, that's yours.
- It is.
- Let's get that shit back.
- No, that's that dude
James from school.
- Now whatever I'll
knock that dude out.
- Man do it O'Neill.
- Take him bro.
- Yeah, I know I can take him,
I told y'all I
never lost a fight.
- Oh shit, go bro.
Oh we're about to
get into this, boy.
He's lost like every fight.
- That's out.
- For real.
- You know me.
Shit.
- What the fuck you looking at?
- Tommy, Steve!
- Oh shit!
- I told you!
- Go, go, go, go!
Why did you have to
get us 86'd, bro?
- Shut up.
- Hey, hey, it's my
cousin's jersey, man.
- What?
- That's my cousin's
jersey man, you jacked it.
- Don't fucking touching me.
- Man that's mine.
- Yeah, that's his.
- What fuck the you
guys talking about?
- Man you need to back up homie.
- Make me.
- Do something then.
- What you gonna do about it?
Do something then.
- Kick his ass!
- Yeah, get him
O'Neill, come on!
-'Cause its his
fucking jersey, man.
- Oh shit!
-Fuck you.
It's my jersey!
- Yo I'm gonna you.
- Stop!
Steve don't do it!
Stop for real!
- What?
- Fucking shit!
- You're 86'd again!
- Yo wait, the cops, the cops!
- Shit, come on, we gotta go!
- Yeah, we gotta go, get up!
O'Neill is struggling.
- Tommy!
- Come on go!
- We gotta go.
Come on, come on,
we gotta go.
- Officer.
- No, look, I'm not chasing
this kid on foot all night.
Okay, what is he doing,
I'm trying to help him?
- He doesn't know that.
- Why do you think that is?
- Officer, I just
need your help.
- No look, it doesn't
even matter, I can't.
Okay, so I'm happy to give
you a ride back to your car,
but I'm going off shift.
I got a kid of my own at home.
- Well, it is my
job to keep looking.
I have a scared toddler
crying for his brother
in my office right now.
He's just a scared kid.
- Hey, come on!
Come on!
- Hey yo, wait!
- Oh man.
- You okay?
- Man, I'm fine.
- You know, there
were more of them.
- Tommy, you didn't
even do anything.
All right, shut the
fuck up about it.
I mean what the fuck, Steve?
- Aw, bro.
- You're not supposed to run
for an hour after you eat.
- That's swimming, dumb ass.
- What did I tell you though?
I told you not to eat all
those damn burgers, dude.
- Six burgers, is
that what you had?
- Hey,
what's that?
- Damn, she's hot.
Tommy, that's your mom, man.
- Oh what, no, no, no
then that's your mom, bro.
- That's the same chick.
- Oh no it ain't.
- Yes, she's got
different panties on, man.
Look, I don't even
want a mom anyway.
Now y'all take that shit.
- All right man.
- Oh, that's my mom.
- Nah, give me that.
That's my mom.
- Fuck is wrong with you?
- I was looking at that.
- Man, fuck parents, remember?
Man, we should like-
I don't know
we gotta stay somewhere like
a motel room or something.
- Yeah, you know what?
That's a really good idea.
Hey, we get a motel
room, all right.
Then we find Britt and them,
and we go swimming
at their place.
- And we got the card too,
so we can like
actually get a room.
- Right, okay.
- If the motel has a swim pool,
we can go swimming,
get a bunch of shit from
the vending machine.
- Yeah, I like that, all
right, y'all ready?
- And we gonna need like
an adult though, huh?
- Fuck, fuck.
- We need a mom.
- Did you find my dog?
- Will you be my mom?
- Looking for the Coke machine?
- That's a Pepsi
machine out there.
- So?
- No, we don't want Pepsi.
- The hot tub's broken,
it's been broken for a year.
So if you wanna
burn off some sugar,
you go across the
street to Steak Burger.
- We already went
to Steak Burger.
- Yeah, we just
want a room for us.
- Do you have parents?
- Yeah, she's out
there in the car.
- That's your mom?
- Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
- She smoking a ciggy.
- What kind of
cigarette she smoke?
- She rolls her own.
- What, 84 millimeters?
- King size slim.
- You smoke?
- No.
I'm gonna need an ID for that.
- Oh, I don't think,
I think she lost it.
Yeah, she loses it all the time.
- Not 2000 milligrams.
- Stop, hey.
- Let go of me, let go!
- Get off, fuck, get off!
- You are a dead mother fucker!
- What are you doing?
-Shut your mouth, piece of shit!
- Yo,
what are you doing?
Fuck you!
- We have a weekday
special, $49 a night.
You boys just gotta
pay with cash.
- Okay.
- You've called
1-800-Hot-Nite .
I'm so horny, and I've
been waiting for you.
What took you so long?
- Yeah, I was out with friends.
- That sounds
like a good time.
Are you ready to have
a good time with me?
- Yeah, I guess.
- Well, I'll make
sure we have fun tonight.
I'm already wet from
touching myself,
and just 99 cents a minute
you can finish me off.
- Yeah, I have the
credit card for you.
- I'm ready when you are.
- Okay, 4500-1234-5678-9012,
and then the expiration
date is February 2026.
- And the CVC code?
- Yeah, it's 049.
- You do wanna
have fun with me.
Now I wanna hear your sexy
voice, tell me something hot.
You can tell me
anything you want,
or I can start if
you want me to.
- Okay.
- Are you alone like me?
- Yeah, I'm alone.
- I like a lonely boy.
- No, I don't know what to do.
- You can start by
taking my panties off.
You wanna do me, don't you.
- Yeah, but I am.
I was running tonight,
running from a cop.
- Running from
cops makes me so wet.
Did you do something bad?
- See, I don't know,
I don't think so.
I think they're gonna take
me to a foster family,
but I don't want to.
Hello?
- Is this you again?
- What?
- You can't call this
number unless you're 18.
- No, no, no, no, no, just wait.
Don't hang up please.
- What?
- I just, my friends think
you look like your picture.
- I do, I look
exactly like that.
- Oh really, yeah, that's cool.
- I gotta go.
- Tonight's my last night.
- Hmm, what
does that mean?
- I just, there's
this girl that,
I like her, I've liked her
for a couple grades now.
And I want to ask
you for some advice,
'cause I don't know what to do.
- Why are you
telling me, go tell her?
- Well, my friend likes her too,
and I don't know if she
likes me or anything.
- You know what?
Your friend doesn't own her.
So if you don't tell her,
then she'll never know.
People don't know things
unless you tell 'em,
and you don't know if someone
likes you until you kiss 'em.
You know how to kiss a girl?
- Yeah.
- So go do
what you wanna do,
'cause there's a whole world
gonna make you do shit
you don't wanna do.
My first kiss was with
some guy
- All right.
- Hey bro, but,
like I was saying,
if we see those guys again,
we fucking jumping
them, all right?
- Hey, that guy knocked you out.
- He didn't knock me
out, all right man.
I'll knock you out boy.
- Stop, come on.
I told you I don't
fucking like that.
- What you gonna do?
- Guys, guys, I
need the motel room.
- I'll go get us
a room right now.
- Hey, I have a little
bit at home I think,
my dad hides cash in his
underwear drawer sometimes.
- Tommy, you can't
go back there, man.
They'll arrest you.
And I probably arrest us too
for like resisting
arrest or some shit.
And they took Isaiah,
they took your dad.
I saw it.
- Guys the keyhole's too small.
- Your paper route.
- I can't even
deliver it tomorrow.
- No, no, no fuck delivering.
You just go collect
all the money tonight
and you just keep it, that's it.
How many papers
do you deliver?
- Like 135.
- Right, right,
and how much money
does each person give you?
- Eight bucks.
- Dude, that's like a $1000.
- Wait dude that's great.
- That's like $1000
fucking dollars.
- No, nobody's gonna be
giving me money right now,
it's like a week early guys.
- So?
Dude, all we need
is like 10 people,
and then we got
enough for the room.
Are we going with that?
- I guess so.
- Oh, shit.
Now get that shit there.
- Hey, Tommy.
- Hi, Ms. Ashworth,
I'm sorry to bother you,
but I'm actually
collecting tonight.
Yeah, collecting for the paper.
- Right now?
You gotta do this right now?
Okay, you wanna step inside
while I get my checkbook?
- Oh, I'm not allowed to
go inside people's houses.
- Right, okay.
- Yep.
And can you pay
with cash?
Please?
Thank you Ms. Ashworth,
have a nice night.
- Good night.
- Good night Ms. Ashworth,
have a good night.
Hey, what the hell!
- Ah, shit!
Yo, I see you!
- Hey.
- Yo, yo man!
- What the fuck, what the fuck?
- What are you doing
bro stop man.
- What the fuck.
- Nah, nah man, it's
too late for all that,
I'm not giving you any money.
- Fuck You.
- Fuck me?
Fuck you, get the
fuck outta here.
- What do you think
you are bro?
- Fuck you!
- What do you think you little
kids are, get outta here!
- Your paper's canceled dude.
- Yeah, fucking canceled,
you are canceled.
- Please cancel it,
please cancel that.
Oh my God, I'm so fine
with being canceled,
get the fuck outta here.
Are you fucking serious?
Get the fuck out of here,
get the fuck out, go get out!
- Fuck you, fuck you!
- This shit is sketchy.
- Yeah this place is, for real.
Hey, you know what?
I'm gonna get this
money by myself.
Right, you guys
look too sketchy.
- Bro, you look sketchy as fuck,
what are you talking about?
- Steve looks sketchy with
those shorts on, come on.
- Oh, I look sketchy, fuck you.
Man, shut up.
- Hey, I'll be like hook
me up with the 20 spot,
then we get the motel, okay?
- All right, okay.
- Look at that.
- The money's there.
- Yes sir, hey.
All right, be on the lookout.
- Yeah, for sure
- Be safe.
- Yeah, I will be.
- What?
- I'm just here to
collect for the newspaper.
- Newspaper, what newspaper?
- The Columbia.
- I get all the newspapers,
I read the New York Times.
Shit they're basically
giving it away,
you know the newspaper's
going outta business,
you know that?
- Mm-hmm.
- You're working in
a dying business kid.
Papers, are just
propaganda, but woo-wee.
You gotta stay up
on that propaganda.
- Yeah, yeah.
- How much?
- It's $20.
- 20, for the paper?
- Yeah, yeah, we changed it,
but it's for the whole month.
- Yeah, yeah, all right.
Okay, come on in, come on.
- Who is it?
- It's the paper kid.
- What kid?
- The paper kid, paper boy.
The fucking kid who
delivers the paper.
Come on kid, I'm not cool
in the outside, come on.
- Oh, I can't come
inside, I'm not allowed.
- Who told you that?
- My route manager.
- He here right now?
- No, no, he's not.
- Make your own decisions, kid.
Shit, be a man,
that's what men do.
- Yeah.
- Come on, get your $20,
man, it's not a big deal.
Come on, get in the
fucking house, kid.
Get your fucking 20.
Come on man, it's all good, man.
Come on dude, all friends here.
What's your name, kid?
- Tommy.
- Tommy?
This is Tommy, that's Bill
and that's Ford, Tommy.
- Come in, you're just
fucking standing there,
you gotta come in the room.
- Well, he ain't
here to hang, man.
He's just trying to get
money for the newspaper.
- Fuck the news, what
are you pedaling, man?
You selling that fake news, man?
- No.
- Is it printed?
- Yes.
- Then it's fake.
- It's fucking fake.
And George Soros
probably owns that shit.
- You're trying to sell me that
Billy Gates fake news, man.
- No!
- Oh man, you don't even get it.
- Yeah, you know
what we call that?
Sheep baahh.
- Fucking sheep.
- Sheeple.
Sit down kid, come on.
Hey, you can sit on my lap.
What, you don't recognize
Santa Claus, man?
- Fucking redneck Santa Claus.
- I ain't redneck idiot, I
grew up in fucking Bakersfield.
And you grew up in
Bakersfield too.
- Man, I was born in Fresno.
- Whatever, come on kid.
- Santa Clause my ass,
you're that demon version,
what's his name?
- Krampus.
- Yeah, Krampus.
- Yeah, yeah,
yeah, Krampus man.
- Shit, that's right.
Yeah, come sit on
Krampus' lap, ooh, ooh.
- Hey, what's your name?
- Tommy.
- Tommy yeah, sit the fuck down.
You know,
you're making me nervous.
Go.
- Yeah, sit down
man, come on.
- Yeah, you gotta
respect your elders.
You know, yeah.
- You said 20 bucks
at the door, right?
- Yeah.
- Huh, that's crazy
because I got these
receipts in my brain,
and they're telling me
that I only pay
eight bucks a month
for your fucking newspaper.
You lying to me little boy?
- Hey, you like guns?
- I don't, know.
- You ever held a gun?
- You ain't never
held a gun, man?
- Take it, go ahead.
- Hey, hey, go ahead Tom,
come on, come on, pick it up.
- Hey, hey, what's
your name again?
- Tommy.
- Tommy, yeah, yeah.
Pick it up, come on Tommy.
- Yeah, go ahead Tommy, come on.
Go shoot up a fucking
school man, take it.
- Bill.
- Man, shut up Jason.
Man hold the gun.
- Hey, hey, how much money
you have to pick up tonight?
- Just like, just $49.
- Wow, you got 50 bucks
in your pocket right now?
- He ain't got 50 bucks.
- Stand up, come on, stand
up, try pointing the gun.
- At what?
- At me, yeah, point
the gun at me, man.
You know, the big bad
fucking white guy.
Come on, stand up!
Come on, big bad
fucking white guy.
Nope, point the
gun at me, man.
What, you think I never had
a gun pointed at me before?
- Hey, no, no, no, please don't,
you don't understand.
- Pick up the goddamn gun, man.
- You got all this money
just going door to door?
Shit, I should go
out begging for money.
Hey, I'm only
counting 40 here.
- Let me ask you something,
your mom and dad on welfare?
Yeah, you get free
lunch at school?
- I gotta go, I have
friends outside.
I got friends.
- You
ain't got no friends.
- This is your only
friend right here.
- Yeah, her name's Hillary.
Hillary wants to be your friend,
you little fucking snake.
- Trying to hustle
my friend's money.
- Yeah, Hillary likes you.
- What's his fucking name?
- Tommy.
- I have to go.
- Why are you gonna go man?
- Hillary, she
don't like being cheated on.
- You scared?
You a virgin Tommy?
- Yo.
- What?
- Take it off him.
Gotta go.
Get out of here.
Don't bring your ass back here
either, you understand?
- Hey, what the fuck man?
- Dude, that took forever.
- Oh shit.
- Did you piss yourself?
- They took the money.
- What?
- What, no let's fucking
go get it, let's get it.
- Fuck that, let's get it.
- No, don't, don't go up there.
-They stole our money.
- Doesn't matter,
it was my money.
It doesn't fucking matter.
- What's your problem?
- The motel is fucking dumb.
No, you think I can
live in that shit?
Now answer the goddamn question,
do you think I can
live in that shit?
No, no, it's stupid.
It doesn't matter,
I don't care, I don't.
- Tommy, what the fuck
did they do to you?
- I don't fucking
care about anything.
- What are you doing?
- My dad's never
coming home bro,
we can't get the fucking
motel, nothing's gonna work.
Fuck all of this,
fuck this, fuck!
- Hey man, he's my
fucking best friend,
I can go, man, fuck this!
- What the fuck Steve?
- Pick up my goddamn shorts.
- Hey, O'Neill's getting
you some clothes right now.
Hey, look what I found.
Dude, Britt looks hot in this.
You want some Skittles?
I got a bag, I hid
'em under my pillow,
so no one would jack them.
- No.
- Yeah, not even
a sour kind,
can't even find 'em no more.
- Hey, that's her house,
it's up at like
PSO or something.
Yeah, I've seen it.
- I think she likes you bro.
- Really?
- Yeah, she invited
you in the hot tub,
that's like first base.
- I mean, yeah, I do
know where her house is.
- We should go, right?
Go on, like she was filming you.
- You think so?
- Yeah.
Oh, shit.
- What was that?
That's my uncle, come on.
- This is my fucking house,
you think I wouldn't
know where you at?
Oh, you think you
can walk away?
Hey, I didn't say you can
walk away from me boy.
Oh yeah, yeah!
How's that sound?
When I tell you to
fucking clean, you clean.
When I you to walk
you walk,
when I say jump, you jump.
You understand me,
huh, huh?
That's right, who's
the fucking man now?
I don't wanna see
again tonight either,
get the fuck out of my house.
- What the fuck, bro?
You're gonna get us caught,
what happened in there?
- What Tommy?
- What man, I
didn't see nothing.
- I know you didn't see nothing.
- Yeah.
- It's not funny, dude.
- Talking all that shit.
- Well, you look stupid
too, bro, don't even talk.
- That's dumb.
- Stop it.
You look so funny.
-What are you doing?
- I told you his
clothes smell like ass.
- Are you sure
this is her house?
- Wash your fucking
clothes, bro.
- Where do we go?
- Go to the right.
- Right here?
- Yeah.
What do you mean?
Do you not know
your right and left?
Damn.
Come on.
Dude hurry up, walk.
What ya'll doing
taking so long.
Yeah, come on.
- Shh, sorry, sorry.
My fault, bro my fault.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- Shit!
- Come on man, again?
- What?
- You know what, get down here.
- Shit, all right.
- Oh shit.
- So what, you guys like
walk here or something?
- Yeah, yeah, we walked.
- Did y'all like plan
these outfit or something?
- No.
- Oh yes, that's little Steve.
- It's just Steve.
And I'm actually average type.
- Keep telling yourself that.
- Hey, Maya.
- Hey, Tommy.
- Mr. Boyd made me run
the students door register
once you left, and I lost
five bucks from the till,
so he fired me.
- He's so anal about
that, but it's whatever.
I have like a week
and then I can go back
and fix whatever you messed up.
- Wait, like a week until
you're done with the?
- Chemo.
- Yeah, yeah, chemo, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Sarah was telling
me at school, so.
- Yeah.
- Tommy, what's with those
stupid ass clothes, man?
- Oh nah.
- Okay, so we just
snuck out tonight
to call this phone sex number.
- What?
- Yeah, what's that?
- It's just like
a number you call,
and then we found
this payphone, right?
- I, found it like a week ago.
- Yeah, and then this chick
just talks dirty to you,
you could say anything you
want about sex and stuff.
- Shh, my dad.
- Try to keep it down, man.
- So that's when we saw
you guys at the hot tub,
and then Dave called the cops.
- Wait, he actually
called the cops?
- Yes.
- Damn.
- I mean we thought he did.
And then the cops showed
up to Tommy's place,
and then they arrested his dad.
- Steve!
- What, it's crazy.
So like we run from the cops,
and then we went
to Steak Burger.
And the reason we're wearing
O'Neill's stinky ass clothes
is because someone stole our
laundry, and we saw the guy.
- Shh.
- And we saw the guy
that stole my Cap jersey,
he punched the
shit outta O'Neill.
- Wait, you got hit?
- Man, whatever all right,
it wasn't even like that.
- Yeah, you probably
deserved it.
- He did, and then we went
to go get a motel room.
- Oh yeah, and we used
the dog lady, that lady.
- The lady, that's
always out by her car?
- Yeah, and then she went crazy.
So the motel after that
would only take cash, right?
So then Tommy had to collect
money from his paper route.
And then these guys,
these big, buff guys
pulled him into their apartment.
- They put me into
their apartment,
took my money and shit.
- Man, that's not what happened.
Tell them what happened,
dude, it's funny.
- Stop it.
- He peed his pants.
- Ewe Tommy, what the fuck?
- Wait, you actually
pissed yourself?
- Gross.
- No, I didn't, it
wasn't like that, look.
- Oh shit, that's my dad.
You guys gotta get
in the pool, go.
Get in the pool,
get in the pool.
- Shit.
- Fuck.
- Hi, dad.
- Hey, Mr..
- I'm going to bed, honey.
- Night.
- That was just my
dad, he's going to bed.
- Should we stay in the pool?
- No stupid, get
out of the pool.
- Hey, is your
dad gonna hear us?
- No, he sleeps with this like
tornado sound thingy,
so he doesn't really
hear anything.
- Okay.
- I mean it's still warm.
Don't be doing that.
- You're so stupid.
-That's what I've been saying.
- You little dumb ass.
- Dumb ass.
- Can I touch it?
It's smooth.
- Yeah, no shit.
- Hey , why you always
talking shit?
- Shut up Steve,
don't you got a home?
- No, that's why I'm
stuck with his little ass.
- It looks good on you.
- Marco.
- Polo.
-Polo.
- Marco.
- Polo.
Yes.
- It's the shallow water.
- So!
- Marco.
- Hey, don't open your eyes.
- I didn't you fucking narc.
- You did open your eyes.
- Fuck off.
Marco.
- Polo
- Marco.
- Polo.
- Hey, player.
- But that isn't like
the only reason why,
you know, my brother
went off to college
and then he got
really depressed.
So that's why we're
going on this vacation,
which I guess is good.
You know, I was
gonna surprise him
with all his old Pokemon cards
he used to play with
when he was a kid.
- I used to play Pokemon
cards too all the time.
See, I thought
Charizard was the shit,
I had like this special
edition card and.
You don't even know what
I'm talking about, do you?
- What, okay, I know Pokemon.
I was the one that
beat my brother.
- Oh.
- Hm-hmm. Yeah, I was
obsessed with Mewtwo.
- Okay, I see you.
See, I don't even think
I have mine anymore.
- Damn, I was gonna say you
could bring some over sometime.
- Oh, then I'll
find those quick.
- Ah, okay.
So, what now?
- I don't know.
Actually, I don't know.
- Yeah, we could play
Marco polo again.
- Could we play it for
three days straight?
- And just get all shriveled
up and eat in the pool?
- Exactly.
- Where you gonna sleep?
- See, I don't
even need to sleep.
- Sure.
- I'm gonna bounce.
- Right now?
- Why?
- 'Cause.
- Don't go yet.
- Come on man, what you doing.
Way to kill a party man.
- Yeah O'Neill,
what about Tommy?
- You can't stay here.
- What, just 'cause
he can't go home?
- You don't have to
say it like that.
- Steve, let's go.
- I'll tell you when
you can kiss me.
- Damn.
- Yeah.
- Okay, bye Tommy.
- Okay, bye Britt.
All right, see you.
Yo, yo, guys, hey, wait up.
Let put my shoes on.
- Let me too.
- Okay.
Hey that was fun, wasn't it?
- Bro really.
- Yes sir.
All right.
- These socks man.
- Yo man, did you
guys see that shit?
It was the coolest shit ever.
- Man, it would've been cool
if you like French
kissed or something.
- Shut up man.
- Hey, don't tell
him to shut up.
- What?
- Shut up man,
what's talking about?
- Don't tell me to shut up!
- O'Neill, what the fuck?
- Shut up Steve.
Back off.
- No, you back up,
you always think your tough man,
I'm not scared of you.
- Come on guys, stop, stop.
Oh, shit, shit.
- Hey, get off him O'Neill.
- Fuck you!
- Steve help!
- O'Neill stop!
O'Neill stop!
Let go, oh, get off of him!
- Don't, all right,
you're my cousin.
- Shit!
- Fuck, fuck!
Man, I fucking told you.
Steve, let's go.
- Man, why'd you do that?
- We can go or you can go
to fucking foster care too.
- Fuck!
Fuck!
- You've called
1-800-Hot-Nite .
I'm so horny, and I've
been waiting for you.
What took you so long?
Is someone there?
- It's me, don't
hang up, please.
I have the card number.
- Kid.
- No, no, no, take it, take it.
I have it, it's 4500-1234-56-
- Stop, stop, stop.
Breathe okay.
Tell me your name again.
- Tommy.
They took him, 'cause
of the drugs or whatever.
They took him.
- Wait, what
took who, Tommy?
- My dad, the cops arrested
him, and messed up.
They took my little brother,
I ran with my friends
and we tried to get money.
And I went into an apartment
and these guys made me
scared, I peed myself.
I fucking peed all over
myself, and I kissed her.
The girl, Britt, I kissed her.
- Okay, Tommy,
I hear you .
I hear you, okay.
Just breathe a second and
tell me what happened.
- Nah, I am telling you.
I'm telling you,
they beat me up,
they just started punching me.
Just wanted them, and Steve
didn't do nothing stop it.
Now it was O'Neill, he hit me.
And I can't get the motel room!
- Tommy.
- What?
- I need you to tell
me where you're at.
I look just like that, right?
- No.
- So I'm Ava, you're Tommy.
So like you live
around here, Tommy?
- Yeah, kind of, just back
down Fourth Plain, that way.
- So what, like you wanna
go back there or what?
- I can't.
- What do you mean you can't?
- 'Cause they're
gonna take me away.
I told you that, I said
they're gonna take me.
- Okay, okay, shit.
- I'm gonna go to
foster care like Isaiah.
- Who's Isaiah?
- He's my stepbrother,
but he's little.
Like he doesn't even
know what's happening,
I don't care, I'll run
anyway, you know, I'll run.
- It don't work like that,
not like you think
it does, little man.
You gotta have people
even if you run.
- Man whatever, why'd you
even come here anyway?
- You were the one
calling me tonight anyway.
- Can I try that?
- No.
- So your friend
busted you up, huh?
- Yeah well, he gets
into fights all the time,
so I had no chance.
- But you kissed the girl?
It was good, right?
- That your boyfriend?
- He's like the only
guy I could talk into,
like driving me all the
way the hell over here.
Like, I don't do this shit.
Anyway his name's Biggie.
I guess 'cause he's big,
but it's better than one of
those names with the guy is big,
but they call him
like Tiny or whatever,
like people supposed
to laugh and some shit.
Come on.
- Where?
- Man, you wanna
run away, don't you?
Then get in the truck, we're
gonna break into your house.
- All right, you gotta
turn left up here.
- Yo, get down, down.
- Are the cops at my house?
- Yes, yes.
- Stay down.
- Why are they still here?
- Yo, yo he's coming?
- Oh yeah, he's
good, he's coming.
- All right, go get your stuff.
- All right.
- Tommy.
- What are you doing?
- Hey listen, we're just
looking around, it's not-
- Don't, don't touch that, no!
- Get off me.
- Don't push him.
- Sit down!
- I said don't.
- Tommy.
- No, don't touch me!
Get outta my house, get the
fuck outta my house now.
No, that's my dad's.
That's my dad's and he's
he's coming back, okay.
- I know.
- He's coming back,
you can't take that.
- Wait, I'll tell him
to put it back okay.
Yo, put it back.
I said fucking put it back.
- Tommy.
- Oh shit.
- No!
No!
- Hey, Tommy, Tommy stop!
Tommy!
- Ava come on.
Get in the fucking car!
- Tommy no, you'll
get electrocuted.
Tommy!
Tommy stop, Tommy
don't, don't!
- Get off me, get off!
- Stop moving, I'm
not gonna hurt you!
- Let go!
- Stop!
- They're going to take me!
- Okay, so what?
What?
What do you want me to do?
- I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know where my dad is.
- I know, okay.
- No, you don't know.
- I do know, I know.
- No, I don't want
them to take me.
- Okay, so run then, run!
Really though, you go and run
and run, but you'll be hungry,
and I'm not talking about
wanting a sandwich or something.
'Cause you'll eat, but
you'll still be hungry.
It don't go away, it
just comes with running.
And you'll take things from
people because you'll have to,
and you'll think it's good,
and you'll think
this is my family.
But it's a bad trade
because they want things back
in return, not like a parent.
Then when you're done
given everything,
you just wish you could go
back, and fight, and rewind,
and do anything instead of run.
- I don't care.
- Yeah, you do, you
care about shit.
You've been crying.
- I'm not crying.
- Cry, like whatever,
just keep caring.
That's what good people
do, they care about shit.
And you just run out
here and grab the tower,
like what do you do, you
kill yourself and then what?
- Can I try that?
- No, I said no.
You know, I think like
we can only be one thing
at a time, I think.
Like, you can be a sister,
I mean, you can't be a sister,
but be like, a brother,
or dad, work at a bank
or, do phone sex.
That's like all we get, is
to be good at that one thing,
just that one thing.
- I don't know what my thing is.
- Me and you, we have to
figure it out way too early.
Most people don't know
till they're like 30 or 40,
or like Ray Kroc, he
was like 50 something.
You know who that is?
- No.
- How old you think I am?
- 25.
- Good.
- All right, how old
do you think I am?
- 12, 13, 11?
- 12, what?
- I don't know, you're
a kid, like stay a kid.
If there's any kid left
in you, hold on to it.
Listen like, you don't
have to go with them.
Like, we can run, and
you're a runaway.
Or I can walk with
you over there.
- Just one thing?
- I think so.
- I have a brother.
- Okay.
- What are you doing kid?
You're not under arrest.
You are pretty quick though,
I'll give you do that.
- Hey, where are you taking him?
- Who are you?
- I'm his friend.
- We're gonna ride
with the officer, okay?
He's gonna bring us
to my office okay.
- All right.
- Hey, I said, where
are you taking him?
- How do you know him?
- I already said that,
like I'm his friend.
Like I live here, like
just over there.
- You okay?
- Tommy, you call me, okay?
- Does he have your number,
or you want me to
write it down for him?
- He knows my number.
- Tommy, Tommy, Tommy!
- Tommy I'm sorry.
- Why don't you take a
seat right over there?
- There's Officer Riden.
- Tommy!